In this step, we’re going to connect and register our system to Red Hat
using the `+rhc+` tool. First, let’s talk a little bit about what
`+rhc+` does.

`+rhc connect+` will initiate the basic connection workflow, and prompt
you for a username and password. This username and password are your Red
Hat customer portal credentials, the same credentials that you would log
in to https://cloud.redhat.com[The Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console] or
https://access.rehdat.com/[The Red Hat Customer Portal] with. You can
also specify these credentials with the `+--username+` and
`+--password+` command line options for `+rhc+`, or you can use the
`+--activation-key+` command line argument to attach using an activation
key. An activation key is the best way to attach automatically, without
entering a password in clear text at the command line or stored in a
script.

We have an activation key stored as an environment variable in this
system, so we’ll connect this system using that key.

____
_NOTE:_ When using an activation key, you also need to specify your
organization ID. You can create activation keys in the
https://access.redhat.com/management/activation_keys[Customer Portal].
The details page of your activation key once created, displays your
Organization ID.
____

[source,bash]
----
rhc connect --activation-key ${KEY} --organization 12451665
----

While connecting, rhc will tell you the hostname of the system you are
connecting, copy this down for future use.

== rhc connect –activation-key $\{KEY} –organization 12451665

Connecting rhel-96b5b to Red Hat. This might take a few seconds.

● Connected to Red Hat Subscription Management ● Connected to Red Hat
Insights ● Activated the Red Hat connector daemon

Manage your Red Hat connector systems: https://red.ht/connector ```

Connecting a system using `+rhc+` will accomplish a few things for you.
First, it connects your system to Red Hat Insights. Insights is a
service that you have access to simply because you are running RHEL. It
will also enable remote remediation of issues identified by Inishgts
with the proper add-on subscription. And lastly, if your organization
has Simple Content Access enabled, your system will be setup to receive
updates from Red Hat.

____
_NOTE:_ If your orgnaization does not have Simple Content Access
enabled, you will need to attach a subscription after connecting with
`+rhc+` using the `+subscription manager+` tool.
____

____
_NOTE:_If you are connecting a cloud system in a pay-as-you-go model, no
subscription is required, and rhc will not consume one.
____

In the next step, we’ll have a look at what we can do with Insights and
the Hybrid Cloud Console.
